hello youtube friend here is
tutorials 19 I bring you a new
good tutorial let's continue with the
tutorials while I'm in this pc
this the gifts that he endorsed
I will deliver them when I receive my
pc after being fixed and put
that's why I only ask you, I only ask you
patience good we do this is going to be
as a bonus also on how to stick to
the wifi of our computer without the
need a router a router is a
device this your purchase is like a
modem connects to the computer and
emits a wireless signal so our
this mobile phone this other
computers whatever they receive that
signal
good but now we are going to have wifi to
through our computer without the
need for a modem and a modem
this hardware moved and literally if
we can not virtual what we are going to have
well let's start going to my page
web he will be in the description of
video we are going to download
and here we go to the tab
programs
good what we are here here them
will leave the link here of the wifi
good to play and download
here they will be waiting for about five
seconds all the advertising
but it's only about five seconds more
it takes a lot and then they give it here in
Missing advertising
then he appeared first
farc and look at the test weighs almost nothing
download it
one at a time is downloaded very fast
we can execute this once and for all
here or go to the download window in
our documents and of iu
and execute it over there but I'm going to
execute for you
look
here is she she has this is the one that
had just downloaded but this is the
original
as you see here this is going to be a
executor tele dancing and will start them
load what is the program here comes out
let's wait for it to load well
little program I'm going to give you pause the video
good and as you will see here I have appeared
this is very weird but we're going to
close this and the start program will
removed this already appears here an icon that
will tell them the guaira is already activated that
it will be this window here which
let's give real
giving you here here we are going to choose a
name for our wifi network I already
I have one I did not place but I already have one
which is called
it's called like that
ah
so it will be called
thus I have the password I will not be
to show
but you have to place one and here
confirm the password here can
place the network name that you
they prefer and then they give it to be put host
later they will be loading
loading and this something like this will appear
after being charging loading like
is doing now look what is going to
Appear
wait for this to load
look disappear is here that means
that the Wi-Fi network has already started
and now to see that it 's true
I will show a video with my phone my
cell phone so they see if
well let's go
hi friends here I am now with my
cellular is a zp
this one has the water and it was the one that we're going to
use
and here we are going to start this is the wifi
of the teaching that you see there
let's open here you want to open the
Wifi
and here is the network miren
in the pc there says reinaldo pc that
you can see well
to activate it
has activated me one thing you have to be
close to the pc to activate the network
see that it's on my computers good
is already activated let's give it back and
I'm going to the menu to see exercises
to enter the internet
on Facebook
and if you want to move forward, look
to charge the fire
look here is my email here
one puts your password and entering but
another test to see that they serve
so that it is clear to them we go to the
opera mini
to load the mini opera
look they are going to google to see
the
look that given a yes
now it is loading me processing
this is the browser I do not know if it will be possible
see well and then well look
all right
it's good, I think it's already
enough proof that it does serve
having everything back to
cancel leaving
good friends this the sign of the guayas of
the computer a cell phone or
any other device this will be
this two meters away is not
you can zoom out more because look here is
the thing now I have near a router
good friends here I leave you so that
they saw that if they serve if a good video
friends there they saw that if it serves but what
download hopefully the functions any
thing a gender question in the
comments
well this has been all for today friends
I hope you enjoyed sharing the
other friends do not forget I like it
and subscribe I know that soon I hope it's
soon upload another video chau